[ML] Force stop deployment in use (#80431)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/df-analytics/apis/stop-trained-model-deployment.asciidoc

(Required, string)
include::{es-repo-dir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=model-id]

[[stop-trained-model-deployment-query-params]]
== {api-query-parms-title}

`allow_no_match`::
(Optional, Boolean)
include::{es-repo-dir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=allow-no-match]

`force`::

>   (Optional, Boolean) If true, the deployment is stopped forcefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, Boolean) If true, the deployment is stopped even if it is referenced by ingest pipelines.
```
